Xavier. will you ever
be able to forgive me
for what happened?
I got the gig for another four years
until I get to retire somewhere beautiful.
Unless. of course.
somebody shoots me first.
Wildcat is down.
It's a code red.
Someone had to know a lot.
Someone had to have a lot of access.
I was wondering where
you were. agent Robinson.
I'm right here. agent Collins.
The first lady who will take the kid
and leave me the
second I'm out of office.
I know. you're not wrong. Xavier.
What's in here will definitely kill me.
Agent Collins. you're
about to be entrusted
with top-secret information.
It's a fancy way of saying
that's the most
important box in the world.
We are preparing for
a massive catastrophe
that could cause an extinction
level event for humanity
in the very real future.
Hi. everyone.
Thank you for joining me here.
Thank you for signing the various ndas.
I know it's all been a
bit cloak and dagger.
and for that. I apologize.
Also for the shitty coffee.
I know some of you have traveled in
from all over the country.
and I know you've been asked
not to exchange
pleasantries or introductions.
I know it's weird.
The people in this room
are some of the country's
preeminent minds
in multiple fields.
If you're in this room. it's
because you're extremely special.
And you're about to be
entrusted with something massive.
If you'll follow me.
My husband's a terrible flyer.
I met him at a bar almost 10 years ago.
Totally random.
Love at first sight type of thing.
If I had known he was
such a wimp in the air.
I might not have given him a chance.
If it makes you feel any better.
this plane cost me $250 million.
I didn't spend 250 mil on
a plane so it could crash.
And nobody ever does.
So. you're the guy who builds cities?
I'm the founder of an architecture
and urban planning firm.
expressing a new architectural language
focused on the needs of
self-sustaining communities.
Can I toss a hypothetical at you?
It's your plane.
If I gave you unlimited resources.
resources gathered by a few friends
and business
acquaintances. in my situation.
if I told you to design
me an underground city.
something that could
safely weather anything
from a nuclear blast to
environmental catastrophe.
if I told you I wanted you to make it feel
like anywhere. usa.
a city for 25.000 people
that felt like any city
up here. a city with cars.
and cell phones. and
trees. what would you say?
Well. first. I'd. laugh.
Okay. and then?
Well. then I'd... I'd laugh again.
Then. I'd... I'd tell you it's impossible.
You know. I mean. 25.000 people.
I mean. you-you-you'd
have to have a space
the size of. like. Toledo.
So. there's no amount of money
that would allow you to
excavate a space so large
that an underground space
would actually feel like...
Well. like Toledo. It's not possible.
Of course.
This is what I've been told.
If you have to tinkle. now's the time.
We'll be landing shortly.
Build me my city.
I know. me again.
It didn't work at the grocery store again.
I get it. We can take care of that.
Hi. You have champagne by the glass?
I've got white wine.
I can give you a straw if you want.
- You can blow bubbles in it.
- No. thank you.
White wine is fine.
No straw. Thank you.
Celebrating?
Something like that.
Mysterious. That's cool.
Thank you.
- Yeah. Thanks.
- Okay.
I just sold my startup.
Yeah? Congrats.
- You're not impressed?
- We're in San Francisco.
Half this bar probably
just sold their start ups.
It's a cloud storage startup. Demesne?
You've probably read about it.
Nah. I'm more of an analog guy.
But good for you. Sounds like a big deal.
Yeah. well. if the...
Stock moves the way I think it will.
next year. this time. I'll be worth
$14 billion.
I just became the richest
self-made woman in the world.
Sorry. I don't know why I told you that.
I think I just kind of needed
to say it out... out loud.
No. I get it.
Yeah. I...
Actually. I'm celebrating too.
- You are?
- Yeah.
My softball team won
the championship tonight.
Whoa!
It's fast-pitch softball.
Well. I'm actually gonna be worth
34 billion. not 14 billion.
I don't know why I lied.
It was slow-pitch softball.
I lied because I was hoping
you'd wanna have sex with me.
What was your excuse?
You are gonna completely
fuck up my life plan. aren't you?
I guess it depends on
what your life plan is.
I'm here.
I'm here. babe.
Can you hear me?
Are you still there. Xavier?
I'm here. I'm here.
Hey. batter. batter.
batter. batter. batter. batter.
Swing. batter. batter.
You see what I'm doing
there? This is pancake batter.
It's very funny. It
plays on a lot of levels.
- Robinson loves it.
- Agent pace. enough.
She's playing it cool right now.
but I'm telling you. she thinks I'm a hoot.
Alright. watch this. Here we go.
And a fastball right
across the middle. and...
- Hey!
- Whoo!
And the crowd goes wild as
the batter touches the plate.
Agent Collins. I'm gonna
need you to come with me.
Go on.
I came to help the kids get to school.
and I had pres pack the lunches
so they'll have nutrients. or whatever.
Nothing to worry about.
gang. Everything's fine.
Go get your backpacks
ready for school. please.
Nobody knows what happened yet.
And the people who do.
they're in an absolute fucking frenzy.
So...
Do you have a suspect?
Have you found the murder weapon?
Did you collect any samples for DNA?
Agent Robinson. do you
have any matches on DNA?
Jesus. Collins. No.
No prime suspects.
Dad and the ex-wife alibied out.
No weapon.
Brooks and rainey are
digging through the trash
and they're pissy about it.
Autopsy's tomorrow.
And yes. of course. we ran the DNA.
Unfortunately. our resources
down here are limited.
considering that the DNA tech
basically exists to make sure
people don't start marrying
their cousins in 100 years.
You got something to say?
Say it.
I just don't understand
why of all the people
that could be heading this
up. they chose the one person
who was sleeping with the victim.
I'm clean. Xavier.
The camera feed was down
from 10:42 until 12:13 that night
while your boy was asleep on the couch.
And from 10:42 until 12:13 that night.
I was at the tavern having
drinks with some friends.
The other reason. and this
could just be me spit-balling.
is that I actually cared about the victim.
and I'm not gonna rest
until I find some answers.
You're too close to this.
Or maybe I didn't secretly hate the victim
and then shut down the crime
scene for a full 30 minutes
before calling in the first
ever murder down here.
The murder of our president.
His tablet is missing.
Very important people are very upset.
You better get your game face on.
They've got questions.
We're gonna need your weapon.
It's a glorified nerf gun. not a weapon.
But sure. Go nuts.
If you got nothing to hide.
then it shouldn't be a problem.
Take a seat.
Arms up.
Should we be worried about our safety?
Now. let's not overreact here.
- Overreact?
- Come on. Henry.
The president had a full security detail
and he was murdered
- in the residence.
- No. he wasn't.
Cal Bradford died of natural causes.
likely a heart attack.
If you seriously think you're
gonna be able to contain this.
Henry. we need some solutions here.
So. should I make lasagne
or should we order in?
You're in the middle of the merger.
hon. You got the board up your ass.
Let's just order in and make life easier.
Fair point. That said... Lasagna!
I mean. the people have spoken.
Hey. Dylan. not too far ahead. please.
Mom. come on.
Can we do the ice cream thing?
Daddy. can we?
I'll get the rest of the
stuff. I'll meet you outside.
You're very sexy when
you do what I want.
I know.
You see it?
I see it.
Is it a sandwich. a cone. or a cup?
Sandwich.
- Rectangular or circular?
- Rectangle.
Okay. I'll see what I can do.
- Horse?
- Horse.
We're gonna have dessert.
and you can have broccoli or a rice cake.
What's this?
- Or I'll just eat it.
- Okay.
Make it fast.
Want a bite?
- No.
- Fine. I'll eat it.
Okay. good.
I'll call you later.
Board approved the merger.
It's going through.
Wow. you hear this?
Well. that was a lot of
worrying about nothing.
- No.
- Yeah. I'll eat the whole thing.
Dylan?
Dylan. Hey.
Dylan!
Enough!
In 10 minutes. the
community will get an alert
for an emergency town hall.
They will gather here. and
we will share the shocking news
that the president has passed
of natural causes quietly in his bed.
We will then immediately swear in Henry.
which will settle everyone.
because it will remind our community
that we have a
functional system in place.
As for the rest of you. your
security will be increased
until we find some answers.
So. if you gentlemen will
just pour yourselves a drink
or tug on your dicks.
or do whatever it is you need to do
to calm yourselves the fuck down.
so that we can present a united front...
Well. that would be super.
- Dr. Torabi. will you come with me?
- Yes.
Arm straight for me. Fingers flat.
He's set.
For the record. your
name is Xavier Collins.
Correct?
Last I checked.
Yes or no. please.
Yes.
You have two children.
James and Presley. correct?
Yes.
Your wife was Dr. Teri Collins.
She is deceased. correct?
Dr. Teri Rogers-Collins. She hyphenated.
Answer the question. please.
Yes. Dr. Teri Rogers-Collins was my wife.
Yes. she is deceased.
When was the last time
you saw Cal Bradford alive?
As I stated yesterday. I
walked the president to his room
where he turned in at 22:04.
And when did you discover the body?
I knocked on his door at 08:01.
That's when I found
him lying next to his bed.
How long were you in there?
- I don't know.
- You don't know?
I don't know how long I
looked at him like that.
I just knew that he was gone.
I just knew that I'd lost him.
Did you take anything from the scene?
No.
Then. why the delay?
Why did you call agent pace?
Agent pace was the only
person I felt I could trust.
- Are you covering for agent pace?
- No.
I didn't feel comfortable
going through normal channels.
because my boss was
sleeping with the president.
and he was laying in
there on the floor dead.
You all know she was
sleeping with him. right?
Wasn't a big secret. but still.
it feels like an important bit of context.
You were the last person
to see the president alive.
Nobody entered that room from
the time that you shut the door
just ask the fucking question.
Did you kill him?
No.
I did not murder Cal Bradford.
- Take me through the steps.
- May I?
What happened in
that time? In that room?
The president is normally up
and about before 8:00 A.M..
but he wasn't on this particular day.
I knocked on his door
three times before I entered.
I saw his body on the
ground covered in blood.
I checked his pulse. There was nothing.
I was concerned that there
could have been some theft
thank you. agent Robinson.
- I was...
- thank you.
Xavier. Hi.
My name is Gabriela
torabi. Do you remember me?
You were the president's therapist.
I was yours. too.
Once.
That's right. yes.
We did one session together. early on.
I have just one other
question for you. if I may.
It's... It's a little less
formal. so if you can.
try to answer honestly.
Is a part of you happy that Cal is dead?
Yes.
As I've told you about 19
times. I'm not an interrogator.
But you saw his vitals
remained stable throughout.
What do you think?
I think he's telling the truth.
Why?
Well. if he's such a well-practiced liar.
then why would he admit
to hating the man that was murdered?
It doesn't track.
Mr. and Mrs. Redmond.
thank you for seeing me.
We've been treating Dylan
for over a year and a half.
He has gotten better care than
frankly any patient I've ever seen.
Best doctors in the world.
cutting-edge treatments.
Unfortunately. I think it's time
for an impossible conversation.
- What?
- No.
- My...
- no.
The specialist in Japan was optimistic.
which I've been telling you all
is something that we could
use a lot more of around here.
And he was gonna look
at the latest scans and
he did.
He did.
I will find someone else.
I will find someone better.
I've. asked someone to join us.
Hello.
This is Dr. Gabriela torabi.
She's a world-class
therapist and grief specialist.
She has done incredible work
helping many people in your situation.
No.
- Come here.
- No.
- No. just... - Mrs. Redmond.
- Excuse me.
- Arms up.
- You better be right.
You brought me here
because I'm always right.
I brought you here because
I admire your pantsuits.
Well. shit. Samantha.
That might be the nicest
thing you've ever said to me.
Agent Collins. come with me.
I appreciate you going through all that.
Obviously. we're all on edge here.
Do you know what I do here?
Yes. ma'am.
I know that everyone seems
to take direction from you.
I know that the president
seemed to take direction from you.
Do you know why my
detail calls me Sinatra?
You can speak freely. agent Collins.
I always assumed it
was because of the hats.
- Cute.
- Thank you.
I became an absolute
walking encyclopedia
on all things agent Collins last night.
Only child.
Grandfather. a tuskegee airman.
Your father was one of the first
black commercial airline pilots.
That's quite a legacy.
They must have been so proud of you...
The man who took a
bullet for the president.
Last few days must have
been especially hard on you.
Agent Robinson will
continue the investigation.
but to preserve his memory.
we'll be telling everyone
that president Bradford
died of natural causes.
We think it's what's
best for the community.
Why did your wife use a hyphenate?
Her father died when
she was very young.
She couldn't bear the thought
of his name dying with him.
Well. that makes sense.
Do you have the tablet?
No. No. I do not.
You'll remain on leave
for the next two weeks.
and then we'll reassign you.
Ma'am. I think I'd be better utilized.
and I do not. And I'm more important.
Robinson tells me you have children.
Yes. I do. A boy and a girl.
God. that must be
tough without their mom.
I had two children.
Thank you for seeing me.
It's been a while.
How are you?
I'm not great. honestly.
Everyone said time would help.
But it isn't.
It's been six months. So...
It's not helping.
Time is actually making it worse.
because it's taking me further away
from when he was here.
You were kind to me then.
You helped me.
And I need your help.
Right now.
Of course. Yes. Yes.
But healing is a long. slow process.
Yeah. I have no desire to be... healed.
I-I'm... I'm broken forever.
My marriage is broken forever.
But I have a business.
a giant business. where there are
tens of thousands of
people who rely on me.
And I have a daughter.
I still have my daughter.
And if she so much as sneezes.
then my... my heart stops.
And I need to be functional for her.
I don't need to be healed.
I just need to be functional enough
that I can think about something
other than throwing
myself off a fucking roof!
I'll pay you.
I... you will be richer
than your wildest dreams.
You won't need a single other client.
So. I'll just
she's all I have. so I
need you to help me.
- Samantha...
- please help me.
I need you to help me.
Will you help me?
I had two children and I lost one of them.
Trust me. agent Collins. that is
something you never get over.
Take the leave of
absence. Leave this alone.
Mic check in five minutes. everybody.
There's gonna be a
mic check in five minutes.
My god. first boy looks
extra pathetic today.
Did his sad eyelashes get even longer?
- Lisa.
- I mean it in a good way.
It. like. enhances his whole look.
Everyone. I don't know what this is.
but let's all head over together.
We're going this way. folks. Come on.
Hi. did a guy come through
here. around my age?
Stupid haircut?
Everyone your age has stupid haircuts.
but if you're referring
to Jeremy Bradford.
he's in the media rotunda.
Cool. thanks.
Why aren't you at the town hall thing?
Why aren't you?
Hello. Xavier.
Madam first lady. How
are you holding up?
Honestly. I have no fucking clue. Xavier.
I've been pretending for so long.
pretending to be part of
this all-American family
while living in separate houses.
pretending to be a loving wife
until the moment his term ended.
It wasn't all pretend.
I know.
- He worshipped you.
- Geez.
He did.
Do you remember that
time when you joined
Saturday morning basketball
- at the white house?
- I do.
Cal was so excited to
have you on his team.
because he... he just
assumed that you'd be good.
Cal was...
Racist.
He loved an outdated stereotype.
- We'll leave it at that.
- Okay.
He was surprised. of course.
to find out that you were
you were just an average player.
You know. he came
running into the bedroom
dripping with sweat.
hair plastered against his forehead
like a six-year-old boy.
- "I'm better than him. babe."
- He was not better than me.
Well. I wasn't there.
Okay.
But he couldn't get over
how hard you played.
How you never stopped.
"The man is relentless." he said.
They're about to tell everybody
that Cal died of natural causes.
I know.
They wouldn't let me look at the body.
I saw the body.
He loved you.
The man who was
everything he felt he wasn't.
The relentless man...
Who never stopped.
Mommy?
Where are you going. mommy?
I have a work trip. remember?
But I don't want you to leave forever.
Hey.
Listen.
I'll always come back. okay?
I'll always come back to take care of you.
Go see him.
Hey. kiddo.
Pst. pst.
Welcome. ladies and gentlemen.
to this year's conference.
We have some scintillating
conversations lined up for you.
covering global security.
cyber engineering.
climate change. and much more.
We are here to begin
what we hope will become.
not just conversations or projects.
but the future of our world.
Within a year. 20% of all livestock
will perish from fluorosis poisoning.
Well. I guess I'll go ahead
and start wrapping up.
since this talk has proven
to be the one to miss.
Ironic. because it's the
only one that matters.
Listen. I know this all
sounds pretty far-fetched.
but you know when it
won't seem far-fetched?
In less than a decade.
when a Tsunami plunges
the entire eastern seaboard
of the United States underwater.
Well. I'm done.
Try not to get trampled on the way out
unless you prefer that to being drowned.
Hey. wait. Sam.
Well. that guy was a
barrel of laughs. wasn't he?
Yeah.
How you been?
I'm fine. Thanks. senator.
Yeah?
It's been just over a year. right?
Since you lost your son?
One year. that's...
That's hard.
That must feel like no time at all to you.
I can't imagine.
God. he was such a cute kid.
I remember him running
around a little sandbox.
He just... with big old handfuls of sand
and just dump it on his head.
I'm sorry. Sam. I didn't...
No. don't be.
No one's...
No one's talked to me about Dylan
for a very long time. that directly.
Thanks. Cal.
I think I finally see why people like you.
It's mainly the hair.
You. however. you
got the real stuff. Sam.
You got the stuff that makes people
sit up straight when you walk in a room.
My old man. I hear it
from him all the time.
- How is your dad?
- Still just a light touch of dementia.
But he's still him.
Still crushing me with blows like.
"you think you're Dean Martin
"walking around with your cock out.
"You ain't Dean. You're a
joke. You're Peter lawford.
You're only in the band
'cause of who you're related to."
- Jesus.
- Yeah. Yeah.
That's Christmas morning. mind you.
My loving daddy.
Yeah.
He says...
He says you're Sinatra. by the way.
The clear leader. The one.
I don't know about that.
No. I have this thing...
This disorder where I pick at my hair.
I'm getting a bald spot.
Sometimes I have to wear hats.
I'm no Sinatra.
I miss my kid.
- I know.
- Hey!
- If that stuff happens...
- it's going to happen.
And it's going to happen
in the next decade.
So. what do we do?
I have a daughter.
What do we do?
You dig the biggest hole
you can. and you get in.
Jesus. somebody ought to get that guy
a slot at the laugh factory.
You going to the next talk?
No. I'm done talking.
Thanks for asking about Dylan.
Hey. wait up.
Samantha. a couple of
thoughts on the speech.
- Here. it...
- just read it. Henry.
We didn't pick you to have thoughts.
My fellow Americans. I'm
afraid I have terrible news.
President Cal Bradford
passed away early yesterday morning.
You okay?
My dad is dead.
They. they took everyone
to the arena to tell them.
I asked that everyone learn
this awful news together
so that we could be
comforted by our friends
and our community.
Those who've helped us grieve
and heal over the past three years.
I ghosted him yesterday.
And that means that. that
our fight last week was...
It was the last time I ever talked to him.
I told him that he was the
reason so many people are gone.
I told him that I wished he was dead.
It's the last thing I ever said to my dad.
In a few moments. I
will take the oath of office
and become our next president.
But first. I'd like to say
a few words about Cal.
He. he loved this shitty
'80s and '90s rock music.
And when I was younger. he
would dance around with me
and scream it at the
top of his lungs. and...
And then I grew up. and just told him
how lame I thought his
music was every chance I got.
Now. here I am.
listening to the music that my dad loved.
The music I told him I hated.
Cal was the kind of guy
who would go up to a
complete stranger in a parking lot
and say something tender to them.
something they really needed.
just because he could
sense they were in pain.
My dad's into planes.
He... he got his pilot's
license and everything.
He used to talk about planes all the time.
And each time. I'd tell him
what a massive dork he was.
He would tell us that we must...
He never talks about them anymore.
What I'd give to listen to him
ramble on about planes again.
What were you. listening to
of your dad's lame '80s and '90s rock?
Do... You know this one?
Play it for me?
I take no responsibility for
what you're about to hear.
And?
Maybe it's not so bad
that the world ended.
Yeah.
The bastards were asking for it.
Do. do you wanna see something cool?
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay. Come on.
- Go have a drink.
- Yeah. We will.
You good?
Can you think of any important
six-digit codes down here?
Password? Symbol?
No. Why?
I spent 15 years as an
agent in the real world.
The main question I'd always get.
"is it hard always watching everything.
always listening. never talking?"
And I'd always answer.
"that's my job."
I was real good at my job. Billy.
And I've been watching her.
Sinatra.
I've been listening to her.
And something's not
right with that woman.
I can feel it in my gut.
Our guy is gone.
and she's smack in the
middle of the whole thing.
She's pretty much the most
powerful person down here.
Yeah.
And I'm gonna take her down.
How?
Very fuckin' carefully.
Hey. mom.
Everything okay?
You hanging in?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Don't stay up too late.
No one's really allowed down here.
Holy shit.
Yes. my love. Yes. I'm right here.
Am I going to heaven?
It's okay.
You can tell me. I want you to tell me.
Yes.
What do you think it's like?
Do...
Do you remember this place?
- Where are we?
- Dad. is mom coming?
Dad. is she gonna make it?
I want mom!
It's anything you want it to be.
So. you tell me.
What do you want it to be like?
I want it to be just like here.
but with more horse rides.
Well. then that's what it will be like.